Smile please. One day when Henry was working in a restaurant, a snake suddenly appeared
and bit his hand. A few days earlier, the snake arrived from Asia in a box of bananas.
It climbed out and hid somewhere. I was trying to pick it up when it bit me again. I threw
it across the kitchen and it landed on a table. While the snake was lying on the table, Henry
quickly picked up his mobile phone and took a photo with it. Then the snake hid behind
the fridge. When Henry was trying to find the snake, his hand began to hurt badly. He
hurried to hospital. As the doctors were checking him, the pain got worse. But they could
not help him because they did not know what kind of snake bit him. As he was lying there
in great pain, Henry suddenly remembered the photo. The doctors sent the photo to a zoo.
As soon as they learnt what kind of snake bit him, they gave Henry the right medicine
and he left hospital the next day. So if a snake bites you, take out your mobile
phone or camera, take its photo and show the photo to the doctors.
Suggest Henry. But as you know, the snake won't smile.